## Review
### Blog
[Rate Limiting in Go](https://medium.com/@justin.graber/rate-limiting-in-golang-f3ed2c62df36)
### Review
This article introduced three different methods of doing rate limit in golang.
1. implementing basic leaking bucket for a simple one request one desitination sample.
2. improved version of leaking bucket, also including a feature to limit most accpetable concurrent requests for one resource.
3. basic fixed window rate limit.

All 3 methods are based on a simple sample of singple request. While the improved version of leaking bucket taught me something new, With a spike from multiple users, the risk of overloading a system exsits. To set a maximum concurrent number on a resource is necessary as well. (Did not look into the code in detail). The third method just implement the way in a fixed time window.

Two things I have learnt here:
1. Token is infact a more effective way of doing rate limit comparing to use redis in a distributed system. Because, we dont have to worry about write back on what has been consumed from each end node. It could ease the issue of distributed lock when read from and write to db from a distributed system.
2. Concurrent rate limit is what I learnt from this blog, and yes! I think it may be a necessary check box when desiging a rate limit system.

## Tip
a lot big data db warehouse working on CRUD on stream to get the best performance. Shall read about how some of those db warehouse do it against stream.

## Share
google wifi is good, screw those free routers from ISP...


