## Review
### [map-reduce](https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/en//archive/mapreduce-osdi04.pdf)


Designed to distribute large calculation in a distributed system. It is based on a classic mapper and reducer functions. The ideal is to use Mapper to tag a job into alot small jobs with key and value. And in reducer could emit the customised function to calculate this in order. (detail of partion with correct key and gurantee order is introduced in 4.1 and 4.2)
There are several detail to gurantee the performance, such as back up jobs and pro-active kill tasks machenism is invited to optimise the performance. And those details can be used in our daily work as well. E.g. AWS EC2 has a health check and it will kill and replace a new ec2 if unhealthy status detected.

Author listed the test cases and experiment process they went through. I reckon the back-up job is found during the test not invited in the begining.

Regarding the Usage part, I guess it could be used in a large data process system. When the process is more determistic rather than rely on data itself. Which means, it is like Queue system, that cant provide atomic commit and rollback machanisim.


## Tip
In golang

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43335989/golang-os-create-cause-no-such-file-or-directory-error

You can't use ~ or environment variable like $HOME to specify the file path, 
they're string literal and means actual path. 
The error you got is because it treat ~/golang-server.log as a relative path of current directory, 
and there's no directory ~ in current directory.

With manually created sub-directory ~, your code will succeed:
 ~/test/ mkdir \~
 ~/test/ go run t.go
 ~/test/ ls \~
golang-server.log
So need to pass an absolute path or relative path to os.Create.

## Share

